Updating RT onboarding doc with a link to prow commands (#1214)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/release-team-onboarding.md

All members of the release team and anyone who attends Release Team meetings / keeps up with the release process should join the SIG Release group: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-release

### Familiarize with Prow commands

> Kubernetes uses Prow to manage CI automation. Issues and PRs are categorized by applying suitable labels, which helps in prioritization of that specific issue/PR during the release cycle. Learn more about the available labels and prow commands from here: https://prow.k8s.io/command-help?repo=kubernetes%2Fkubernetes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes uses [Prow](https://git.k8s.io/test-infra/prow/README.md) to manage CI automation. Issues and PRs are categorized by applying suitable labels, which helps in prioritization of that specific issue/PR during the release cycle. Learn more about the available labels and prow commands from here: https://prow.k8s.io/command-help
```

Author: Fixed it :) Thanks for the review, @justaugustus
